odh-23179 feature store guide for TP (#757)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-an-offline-store.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You have cluster administrator privileges for your {openshift-platform} cluster.

* You have enabled the Feature Store component, as described in link:[Enabling the Feature Store component].

* You have created a data science project, as described in link:[Creating a data science project]. In the following procedure, `my_ds_project` is the name of the data science project.

* Your data science project includes an existing secret that provides credentials for accessing the database that you want to use for the offline store. The example in the following procedure requires that you have configured DuckDB.

.Procedure

. In the OpenShift console, click the *Quick Create* (image:images/quick-create-icon.png[]) icon and then click the *Import YAML* option.
. Verify that your data science project is the selected project.
. Copy the following code and paste it into the YAML editor:  
+
[.lines_space]
[.console-input]
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: feast.dev/v1alpha1
kind: FeatureStore
metadata:
  name: sample-db-persistence
spec:
  feastProject: my_project
  services:

>     offlineStore:
>     	persistence:
>         file:
>           type: duckdb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    offlineStore:
      persistence:
        file:
          type: duckdb
```

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-an-offline-store_{context}"]
= Configuring an offline store

[role='_abstract']
When you create a feature instance that uses the minimal configuration, by default, Feature Store uses a SQLite file-based store for the offline store.

The example in the following procedure shows how to configure DuckDB for the offline store.

> Feature Store allows you to configure other offline stores, such as Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/v0.49-branch/reference/offline-stores[Feast reference documentation for offline stores^].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Feature Store  to configure other offline stores, such as Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/v0.49-branch/reference/offline-stores[Feast reference documentation for offline stores^].
```
